Hello, young word explorer. I am Teacher Nuur. Today we are learning eight useful words about good neighbours. Watch, listen, and say the words with me.
Our goal is to understand each word, pronounce it clearly, notice its word type, and use it in a sentence. Words can have different jobs in a sentence.
A noun names a person, place, thing, or idea. Neighbour is a noun because it names a person who lives near you. Community is also a noun.
A verb shows an action. Help and share are verbs. Say them with me. Help. Share. These words tell us what someone does.
An adjective describes a noun. Friendly and helpful are adjectives. A friendly neighbour. A helpful child. They add describing details.
An adverb tells how an action happens. Kindly and carefully are adverbs. Speak kindly. Carry the cup carefully. They explain how the action is done.
Now meet our first four words. Neighbour means a person who lives near you. Friendly means kind and pleasant. Help means to make something easier. Kindly means in a caring way.
Here are four more words. Share means to let another person use some of yours. Community means people who share a place. Helpful means ready to help. Carefully means in a way that avoids mistakes or danger.
Let us say all eight words together. Neighbour. Friendly. Help. Kindly. Share. Community. Helpful. Carefully. Excellent speaking.
You are ready to begin. Explore each word, flip through five sentence cards, listen to the examples, practise spelling, talk with the tutor, and finish with the word challenge.